JIRA and Teamwork
- Which of the following is a benefit of JIRA in teamwork?
  ✓ Fostering efficient teamwork
  ✗ Promoting individual competition
  ✗ Restricting communication
  ✗ Encouraging solo work

- In addition to task tracking, which of the following is best supported by JIRA?
  ✓ Seamless Collaboration
  ✗ Social Media Management
  ✗ Video Editing
  ✗ Graphic Design

Git and Version Control
- Git requires files to be stored in a central location.
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- You cannot rewind and fast forward back and forth between commits
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- What is the purpose of "pushing changes back to the repository" in Git?
  ✓ Sharing changes with collaborators
  ✗ Undoing the last commit
  ✗ Storing changes only on the local machine
  ✗ Ignoring changes in the working directory

- What does the git diff --cached command do in Git?
  ✓ Shows the differences between the staging area and the last committed version
  ✗ Compares the working directory with the last committed version
  ✗ Lists all the branches in the local repository
  ✗ Displays the changes between two specified commits

- What does "HEAD" represent in Git?
  ✓ The current state on GitHub
  ✗ The latest commit on the local machine
  ✗ The first commit in the repository
  ✗ The working directory in Git

- What does the git diff command do?
  ✓ Displays changes between commits
  ✗ Resets the changes in the repository
  ✗ Compares the working directory with the staging area
  ✗ Creates a new branch in Git

Communication
- All groups can be considered to be teams.
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- Communication is a process by which information is exchanged between individuals through a common system of symbols, signs, or behaviour?
  ✓ True
  ✗ False

- An example of the Transaction model of communication is:
  ✓ A conversation in a car
  ✗ Drawing a map for a lost tourist
  ✗ A text message
  ✗ A lecture

LaTeX
- A makefile contains a set of files.
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- Which of the following is the syntax to create a numbered list in markdown?
  ✓ Write the number one before each item in the list
  ✗ Add an exclamation point for each item in the list
  ✗ Add a dash mark symbol for each item in the list
  ✗ Add one asterisk mark symbol for each item in the list

- Comments in a LaTeX document begin with the following character(s):
  ✓ %
  ✗ \\
  ✗ \comment
  ✗ $

- Which category of LaTeX features includes tools like \label and \ref for referencing sections or figures within a document?
  ✓ Cross-referencing
  ✗ Graphics
  ✗ Macros
  ✗ Footnotes/margin notes
  ✗ Floating figures

- LaTeX macros are only used for adding hyperlinks in documents.
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

Tech Stack and Development
- A tech stack is limited to programming languages and does not include other technologies.
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- A tech stack typically consists of which of the following:
  ✓ Front End tools
  ✓ Programming Languages
  ✓ A Database
  ✓ Back End tools
  ✓ Applications connected via API
  ✓ Frameworks

Ethics and Professional Conduct
- Hacking is always wrong
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- The ACS Code of Professional Conduct requires that IT professionals upgrade their skills continuously
  ✓ True
  ✗ False

- Information on a patent is public once the patent is registered
  ✓ True
  ✗ False

- You can avoid plagiarism issues by ensuring everything you use is paraphrased
  ✗ True
  ✓ False

- Which of the following values are part of the ACS Code of Ethics:
  ✓ Honesty
  ✗ Utilitarianism
  ✗ Norms and customs
  ✗ Morality

Problem Solving and Complexity
- Even a very simple system, with a small number of variables and simple rules, can generate quite complex behaviours.
  ✓ True
  ✗ False

- When speaking about P-NP problems, P problems are the set of problems whose answers are easy to find.
  ✓ True
  ✗ False

- It can be difficult to understand the problem you are trying to solve if the requirements are incomplete?
  ✓ True
  ✗ False

Business Models
- Match the fictional company descriptions to the business models:
  Shuber (shoe sharing) → Community
  Spyzonu (free content for email) → Subscription
  DeadTrees (physical books) → Manufacturer
  Jack's Links (affiliate marketing) → Advertising

Ethical Frameworks
- Which of the following describes an ethical framework based on achieving the best outcome for the greatest number of people?
  ✓ Utilitarianism
  ✗ Deontology
  ✗ Egoism 